aqua pod the automatic holiday watering
system from hose lock the water saving
aqua pod has only five simple components
to fit and takes any five minutes to set
up and get ready giving you more time to
enjoy your garden aqua pods battery
powered timer can be set to water your
patio garden pots and hanging baskets
switching on and off automatically
simply set the current time the time of
day that you would like your watering to
be done how often the system should be
activated and finally the desired number
of watering minutes the aqua pod kit
contains 20 meters of piping and it's
leak free design comes with a two-year
guarantee giving you peace of mind each
kit contains two ready assembled aqua
pods each with five 1 meter hoses and
drippers simply pull out the hose and
place the dripper in a plant part
automatic drippers ensure that each
plant gets the right amount of water and
compared to a traditional watering can
reduces water usage by up to ninety
percent when complete the easy to hide
aqua pod system easily blends into your
garden and it's flexible to the dripper
hoses can be extended up to five meters
and you can add a further nine aqua pods
allowing you to water up to 39
individual parts so for automatic water
saving watering why not buy the aqua pod
system today to help save water in your
garden try using the hose log water but
pump to recycle stored rainwater the
powerful high-pressure pump is easy to
use and connect with the aqua pod system
and comes with a two-year guarantee hose
locks water storing gel is the fastest
acting gel about 50 times faster than
the nearest competitor just water your
plants once a week and the gel will form
many reservoirs around the roots of the
plant saving ninety percent of water